h1. This library is not production ready

You couldn't use this even if you wanted to..but keep an eye on our progress, we plan on having something usable by this November 6th

h1. Mogade For Java

Mogade is a free service web-based service which allows game developers to quickly enchance their games with auxiliary functionality (such as leaderboards).

This is the official Java library - which is meant not only to be used within games, but also to serve as the basis for platform specific implementations. Developers interested in building a library for their own language will hopefully find this library to be decent documentation of the mogade API.

h3. Other Libraries

For a list of other libraries, please visit "http://mogade.com/libraries":http://mogade.com/libraries

h3. Support

The "http://groups.google.com/group/mogadedev":http://groups.google.com/group/mogadedev google group is the best place for developers, either of games or libraries, to visit.


h2. Usage

<pre>
String leaderboardId = "1cc425bf5346ed081f0000ef";  //leaderboards are created and assigned an id by mogade.com
String gameKey = "1cc3cb835346ed081f0000ee";        //the game key and secret are provided by mogade.com
String secret = "aT4][A;28q]V?!!";

Mogade mogade = MogadeImpl.create(gameKey, secret);
</pre>

h3. SaveScore

<pre>
SaveScoreResponse response =  mogade.saveScore(leaderboardId, new Score("brian", 2000));

if (!response.isOk())
{
   //do something with response.getStatus();
   return;
}

//sometimes the ranks won't be defined, depending on the current server load 
if (response.getDaily() > 0)
{
   //do something with daily rank
}
if (response.getWeekly() > 0)
{
   //do something with weekly rank
}
if (response.getOverall() > 0)
{
   //do something with overall rank
}
</pre>

h3. GetLeaderboard

<pre>
int page = 1;
GetLeaderboardResponse response = mogade.getLeaderboard(Leaderboard.create(leaderboardId, page, Leaderboard.Scope.DAILY));

if (!response.isOk())
{
   //do something with response.getStatus();
   return;
}

for(Score score : response.getScores())
{
   //do something with score
   //score.getUsername(), score.getPoints(), score.getData()
}
</pre>

h3. More Usage Samples

View the tests!

h2. API Overview

Mogade is based around a _RESTish_ API, accepting and returning JSON messages.

A full API overview can be read here "http://mogade.com/libraries#api":http://mogade.com/libraries#api